The First of the three-part series, Star Wars, is the tale of a band of heroes who team together for the good of the universe and the money. The story begins as Princess Leia is held hostage by the Galactic Empire in order to crush the rebellion against them. During the attack on Leia’s ship two droids, R2-D2 and C-P30, escape through an escape pod. They landed on a foreign planet and were captured and sold to their new master Luke Skywalker. The Empire chases the droids because they have a secret map detailing the whereabouts of the rebel base.

As the empire searches for the map they destroy Luke’s home. With nowhere to go R2-D2 leads Luke to Old Ben. One of the last Jedi Knights Ben takes Luke and the droids across the universe to the planet Orion in search of help. They meet Han Solo and Chewbacca who have a ship to get them there.

At this time in an attempt to get the co-ordinates for the Rebel base from Princess Darth Vader, A leader of the Empire, Destroy Orion with their new space station the Death Star. As Luke and Han Aboard the Falcon get near the old planet they are caught by the Death Star. Once inside they escape their captors and seek to escape the Death Star. While doing this they find Leia and free her. Ben also found his long-time student turned evil, Darth Vader, and fights to the death. Vader wins but Ben’s spirit remains with Luke. The others escape but the Empire has already found the location of the rebel base and is on its way to destroy it.

The heroes flee to the rebel base to warn them and a last-ditch attempt to destroy the Death Star is made. Luke is chased by Vader and Solo comes to the rescue. Luke destroys the Death Star and wins.

The Second movie, The Empire Strikes Back, sees the return of all the characters from the previous movie. The rebel base is now on an ice planet. The Empire again attacks and the rebels fled. Leia, Solo, Chewie, and the Droids find themselves stranded in the Falcon from the others and Luke heads out to find Yoda, Bens Master, and learn the force. The Falcon lands in a mining colony run by Lando Calrissian. There they are caught by the Empire in an attempt to catch Luke and turn him to the Dark Side. Luke has found Yoda and has a vision that his friends are in danger. He goes to save them against Yoda’s warning and not knowing of the trap.

Solo is frozen and sent to Jabba the hut who he owes money. The others escape. Luke and Vader fight. Vader frustrated that Luke won’t change cuts off his arm and jumps out to the waste shoot. There he hangs on to his life as he waits for the others to rescue him. While heading back to the rebel fleet Vader telepathically contacts Luke And tells him he is his Father.

The Third Part, The Return Of the Jedi, starts as Leia, Luke, Chewie, Lando and the droids head of to rescue Han. After a Battle, they kill Jabber and rescue Han. During this time Luke shows us his new skills. The others return to the fleet but Luke and R2-D2 go to Yoda. Once there Luke sees Yoda die and is told that his father is Darth Vader and he has a sister, Leia. He then returns to the fleet who have discovered the Empire has a new Death Star and the rebel will attempt to destroy it.

To destroy the Death Star first they must destroy its shields from the Endor Moon. Luke, Leia, Han, Chewie, and the Droids lead a team to do this. Lando takes the Falcon for the assault on the Death Star. While on the Endor moon they are captured by Ewoks. They make friends with them and help them to fight the Empire. Luke tells Leia they are related and about Vader and surrenders himself to fight his dad and become a Jedi.

Luke goes up to the Death Star and is confronted by the Emperor. Luke fights Vader but this time he wins and cuts off his arm. Now knowing that he has lost the Emperor starts to kill Luke but Vader kills him to save his son. The other destroys the shield then the death star and Luke escapes leaving his father behind to finish dying on the Death Star. The final scene shows all the main characters together with The Ghost of Yoda, Ben and Anakin Skywalker (Vader before he turned to evil).
